Update data source `azurerm_management_group` - support get data source of mgmt group by using `display_name` (#6845)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/management_group.html.markdown

## Example Usage

```hcl
provider "azurerm" {
  features {}

> }

Author: Sure, I will remove this. Is this also valid for the docs of resources? (A lot of them have already added this...)

> }

Reviewer: yes - we should probably go through and remove those, I guess - we also need to work through and simplify some of them e.g. https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/azurerm/r/key_vault_secret.html

~> **NOTE:** The field `group_id` has been deprecated in favour of `name`.

* `display_name` - Specifies the display name of this Management Group.

> ~> **NOTE** As `display_name` is not unique errors may occur when there are multiple Management Groups with same display name. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **NOTE** Whilst multiple management groups may share the same display name, when filtering Terraform expects a single management group to be found with this name. 
```

Author: Done
